Remove trailing slashes from internal links (#1456)
semgrep/semgrep-docs: docs/writing-rules/data-flow/data-flow-overview.md

# Data-flow analysis engine overview

Semgrep provides an intra-procedural data-flow analysis engine that opens various Semgrep capabilities. Semgrep provides the following data-flow analyses:

> - [Constant propagation](/docs/constant-propagation) allows Semgrep to, for example, match `return 42` against `return x` when `x` can be reduced to `42` by constant folding. There is also a specific experimental feature of [Constant propagation](/docs/constant-propagation), called [Symbolic propagation](/writing-rules/experiments/symbolic-propagation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Constant propagation](/docs/constant-propagation) allows Semgrep to, for example, match `return 42` against `return x` when `x` can be reduced to `42` by constant folding. There is also a specific experimental feature of [Constant propagation](/writing-rules/data-flow/constant-propagation), called [Symbolic propagation](/writing-rules/experiments/symbolic-propagation).
```

> - [Taint tracking (known also as taint mode)](/docs/taint-mode/) enables you to write simple rules that catch complex [injection bugs](https://owasp.org/www-community/Injection_Flaws), such as those that can result in [cross-site scripting (XSS)](https://owasp.org/www-community/attacks/xss/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Taint tracking (known also as taint mode)](/writing-rules/data-flow/taint-mode/) enables you to write simple rules that catch complex [injection bugs](https://owasp.org/www-community/Injection_Flaws), such as those that can result in [cross-site scripting (XSS)](https://owasp.org/www-community/attacks/xss/).
```
